            Json
 Open the command prompt type npm init, it vll give u default ans.

 1.To change the name of thr aouthor :- npm config set init-author-name "abc"
 2.npm set init-license "aaa"
 3.npm init --yes is used to run the Json.
 
To check default value 
    npm config get init-author-name
TO delete default value 
    npm config delete init-license 




1.What is NodeJs?
Ans:- Node.js is a cross-platform runtime environment and library 
for running JavaScript applications outside the browser.

2.Features of Node.js
Ans:-1. Extremely fast
     2. Single threaded:- Node JS Platform doesn't follow the 
                          Multi-Threaded Request/Response Stateless Model
     3. Highly Scalable:-It can handle a large increase in users.
     4. Open source:-freely to use.

  
  
       DAY 2
       Date 23-jun-22 

1. I learnt how to push code from vscode to github directly.
2. Completed handson on module patterns is nothing but connection of 2 js 
3. Module pattern:-which is used to wrap a set of variables and functions together in a single scope. 
4. module.exports.var_name = var_name is equal to there respective function.
   module is a collection of source file
5. EventEmitter:-Node.js allows us to create and handle custom events easily by using events module.
    Event module includes EventEmitter class
    which can be used to raise and handle custom events.
6. on() function is used to callback fuction.
7. emit() function raises thr specified event.
8. completed the handson reading and writing the files


     DAY 3
     Date 24-jun-22
 
1.Client and Server
    IP addrs of client is 76.121.126.74
    IP addrs of Server is 72.28.226.84
2.Responce Heraders 
   *Content-type
   *Status
3.Streams:-IS object it read data from a source or write data. 
  *Writable Streams :- allow node js to write data to a stream.
  *Readable Streams :- allow node js to read data from a stream.
  *Duplex :- can read and write to a streams.
4.chunk is buffer
5.pipes:-connecting multiple streams togreather.
6.Serving Html it is same has pipes .

    DAY 4 and DAY 5
        Date 25-jun-22/26-jun-22

1.serving-json 
2.Basic Routing
3.To install node expess
   npm install express
4.To uninstall node express
   npm uninstall express
5.To install node nodemon
   npm install nodemon 
   npm install nodemon --save 
            --save means it save all your installed core package into the dependecy section in thr package.json file
6.HTTP method
  *GET :Read   
  *POST:Create
  *DELETE:
  *PUT:Update/Replace
   
   GET:-app.get('route'.fn)
   POST:-app.post('route'.fn)
   DELETE:-app.delete('route'.fn)
7.ROUTE:- Is a URL path/pattern and a function that is called to handle that pattern.
8.Express is a web application framework feature for building web and mobile applications.
9.EJS stands for
  To install:-npm install ejs
